Dropbox Quick Start
What is Dropbox?
Dropbox is software that links all of your computers together via a single
folder. It’s the easiest way to back up and sync ﬁles between computers. 
The Dropbox Desktop Application is software that watches a folder on your
desktop computer and syncs any changes to the web and your other
computers.
The Dropbox Website allows you to access your ﬁles on any computer from
a web browser. You can also use the Dropbox website to share your ﬁles or
folders with others.
The Dropbox mobile website and Dropbox for mobile devices allow you
to connect to your Dropbox from your pocket, so you can take your ﬁles
with you wherever you go.

Is it for me?
Transferring data between computers usually requires uploading via web forms,
connecting to network drives, carrying around thumb drives, or sending emails
with attachments to yourself and others. Dropbox makes all of these methods
obsolete. If you're looking for a better way to transfer data over the internet or
are just looking for a way to improve productivity within your team, Dropbox is
for you. 

Adding ﬁles to your Dropbox
You've found your Dropbox folder, and you're ready to start using it. Let's move
a ﬁle to your Dropbox folder.

Step 1: Drag and drop a ﬁle into your Dropbox.

Step 2: The blue icon means your ﬁle is syncing with
Dropbox.

That’s it! The green icon means that your ﬁle has ﬁnished syncing and is now
available from your other computers and the website. Now that Dropbox is
watching your ﬁle, any changes you make will sync instantly.

What do I do now?
There are three ways to interact with the Dropbox installation on your
computer:

The Dropbox Folder
When you install the Dropbox desktop application, Dropbox creates a
Dropbox folder on your hard drive. In fact, if you’re reading this guide,
then you probably already found your Dropbox folder!
Your Dropbox folder is just like any other folder on your hard drive. When
you move a ﬁle to your Dropbox folder, you are also moving your ﬁle to
your Dropbox folders on the web and your other computers. You don’t
need to do any manual copying or uploading; Dropbox takes care of all of
that for you!
The green circle and check mean Dropbox is fully synced.

The blue circle and arrows mean Dropbox is currently syncing and ﬁles are
uploading/downloading.

The red circle with an “X” means Dropbox is unable to sync. Usually, this is
because your storage quota is full (can’t upload), your hard drive is full (can’t
download), or you are experiencing connection problems (no internet).

The Dropbox Contextual Menu
When you Right-Click (Windows/Linux) or Control-Click (Mac) a ﬁle or folder in
your Dropbox, you’ll see a menu. This is called a contextual menu. The
Dropbox desktop application installs a sub-menu there that allows you fast
access to some of Dropbox’s best features.

Some things you can do via the Dropbox contextual menu:
Share a folder invites your friends to access a folder in your Dropbox. That
folder and its contents will appear in their Dropbox folders as well as yours.
View Previous Versions allows you to view your ﬁle’s change history and
revert your ﬁle to an older version.
Browse File on Dropbox Website... to view the ﬁle on the Dropbox website.
Copy Public Link lets you share a ﬁle with your friends via a URL, or internet
link.

The Dropbox System Tray/Menu bar icon
The Dropbox system tray or menu bar icon is where you can check the current
syncing status and change your Dropbox settings.

The same green, blue, and red icons that appear over the ﬁles and folders in
your Dropbox also appear over the system tray icon to alert you to Dropbox’s
overall syncing status.
You can get more detailed information when you right-click on the Dropbox
icon from the system tray or menu bar lining the bottom (Windows) or top
(Mac/Linux) of the screen. The resulting pull-down menu allows you to do such
things as:
Access your Dropbox folder, the Dropbox website, or the Dropbox help
center.
See which ﬁles were recently changed.
View an estimate of how long it will take your Dropbox folder to fully sync.
Change your Dropbox preferences including your Dropbox folder location,
Dropbox account, and network settings.

Frequently Asked Questions
How much does Dropbox cost?
Dropbox is free! If you run out of space, visit https://www.dropbox.com/plans to upgrade your
storage quota up to 100 GB.
How much space does my Dropbox have?
Free accounts come with 2GB of storage (deleted ﬁles and revisions don't count against your
quota). You can always check your quota by visiting your account settings page at https://
www.dropbox.com/account. Also keep in mind that the ﬁles in your Dropbox folder are still on
your hard drive, so you need at least as much space on your hard drive as your Dropbox
account.
Dropbox is slow! How long until my ﬁles are fully synced?
Dropbox will download as fast or as slow as your network allows, doing its best not to interfere
with your normal activity. If you’d like to alter the speed in which Dropbox uploads or
downloads, you can do so through your Dropbox application preferences. For step by step
instructions, visit the help center article at https://www.dropbox.com/help/26.

Dropbox is fast! How could it have possibly synced all of my ﬁles in that time?
Dropbox will look to see if it already has the ﬁle you’re uploading on our servers before it
uploads it. If it recognizes a ﬁle that has already been uploaded, it won’t bother to upload it
again. If the ﬁle has been changed recently, it will only upload/download the changes rather
than the whole thing.

How secure is Dropbox?
We take the utmost care to ensure Dropbox is secure. All transport of ﬁle data and ﬁle
metadata occurs over SSL. All ﬁles are encrypted with AES-256 before being stored on our
backend. These are the same standards that banks and the military use to protect their data!
Can I access Dropbox on my mobile device?
Yes! Just point your mobile device to the Dropbox website for an optimized version of the site.
If you have an iPhone, iPad, or Android mobile device, native Dropbox applications are available
for free. To install Dropbox on your mobile device, visit http://www.dropbox.com/anywhere.

Find Out More About Dropbox
If you don’t see what you’re looking for here, take our tour at http://www.dropbox.com/tour or
visit the help center at http://www.dropbox.com/help.

